okay hey youtube this is yourself XD i
just had to really show you this um it's
called zombie slide i think and there
are these zombies coming after this guy
oh and it's like super roadkill this is
ridiculous you can't do a thing okay
just try to get in the win this time
/ max that was just absurd wait how does
this even working I don't know like a
half of them are zombies and they have
to like you know nation I think this is
probably my patio you do our armor lock
again left bumper okay so you get in the
back of this world
okay keep going straight and look down
look down
as you can see Scott very fast already
ah
faster
oh and it never stops ever okies holy
holy cannoli maybe I would go back up
there oh jeez don't let him in I can't
stop it yeah this is absurd oh my God
look at this crowd whoa your stayed
right in front of it jump jump jump uh I
gotta move a little one down yep jump uh
oh you're so dead all they're coming
choose use your pistol is your pistol oh
they're gonna kill you oh ok bag all
right this is the most entertaining day
I know oh yeah this my stock recording
because it's at almost out of batteries
oh uh oh it's okay Eric use halo 3
controller hide you
Watch Out Boy
guys I first day we receive you still
need to see flying zombies you put I
about my speech tower where all the
zombies have unlimited jetpack oh whoa
you can boil water helps go back
oh my god you guys this is going on
youtube then we're gonna go what we're
gonna watch movie yeah okay wait wait I
return you keep recording they're just
one swing cutter infection oh I melaka
yo honey zoom in on Jones just
Oh
prayer
I'm back into the six-year-old
here you can look up our way sir